[Documentation:Developer] Npm local dependency instruction (#437)
Submitty/submitty.github.io: _docs/developer/development_instructions/updating_dependencies.md

As Submitty is an application, not a library, each dependency in both of those files are pinned to a specific
version, and should not be set to use a range (e.g. use `1.0.0` over `^1.0.0`).

For developing purposes, if there are code changes made to the packages managed by [npm](https://npmjs.com) ( 
[Submitty/pdf-annotate.js](https://github.com/Submitty/pdf-annotate.js) for example), to view the changes locally:
  1. Clone the repo for the package into the Submitty VM.
  1. Run `npm install`.
  1. Run `npm run build`.

>   1. Edit the `package.json` file located in `site` to have the package point the new directory.

Reviewer: Consider adding an example here?
```suggestion
  1. Edit the `site/package.json` on the host machine to have the package point to the new directory temporarily.  For example,
    ```json
    "@submitty/pdf-annotate.js": "file:///PATH/TO/THE/CLONED/REPO/IN/VM",
    ```
```

>   1. Run the install script.

Reviewer: Not pretty sure here:  using the installation script is expensive -- how about `submitty_install_site`?
